so back to this this pack this equifax
Act I mentioned earlier they may have
compromised the information of 143
million Americans which is a lot of
Americans so in light of this as a
service to the public we've actually
done this before and it's very effective
we asked people who are passing by our
theater today what password they use to
protect their personal information and
pay attention please because there are a
lot of important tips to be shared here
we are talking to people about the cyber
security breach at Equifax and in light
of that we're asking people how secure
their internet passwords are what are
you use for an internet password you
know I usually stick to my last name
that's quite a vest thing to do but I
stick to my last name a few digits maybe
like a hash tag or something or how do
you spell your last name Walker Walker
yeah LKR yeah and they're just a few
numbers yeah yeah the numbers like what
are you use like your birthday or
something yeah very good yeah usually
like my birthday old are you 21 November
no day sorry the 29th so Walker 11 29.95
up I didn't say that that's okay how
strong is your internet password strong
what sort of things you use of capital
letters lowercase letters numbers
characters everything what's the current
password you using I don't really want
to tell the current password that I'm
using to be honest
not necessarily well I mean I guess you
know like 6-3 xj9 hat symbol at symbol
basically all characters pretty random
assortment and I just try to remember
that one yes thank you
what are you getting that password that
you use for your email in and out 2017
[Applause]
my internet password is capital W at
sign
ter capital B 0 ng waterbomb mines if
that fosters okay yeah ah Mila for for
what's M I am a 6 4 well that's nice now
Americans can hack into a Russian
website know everybody hello so what is
your name Jerry Reed Jerry where you
from
what are your California what are you do
out there besides scare school children
how strong is your internet password
actually pretty strong yeah what do you
put sort of things you use for it
and you know things that I like what
sorts of things do you like maybe a dog
an animal a place I've been someone they
know so like Rover mental ward yeah
something like that all right
go
don't worry at all your secret is very
safe with us okay well thank you okay
we're gonna need to keep this between oh
thank you you're welcome Gerry all right
do you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy